you know I have to say of all the
interesting things I've been hashtag
blessed to cover when it comes to our
president I never thought the weather
would be one of them I really didn't but
once again our commander in chief
meteorologist has contradicted the
weather he Trump took his show on the
road last night he hosted a pep rally in
Fayetteville North Carolina where he
claimed aboard Air Force One that people
were lined up waiting in the rain to see
him even though it wasn't raining at all
[Music]
bad weather out there no no no they
weren't there just they were wet they
were just sweating because you're the
president I still don't understand why
he would say this because by all
accounts it was not raining in
Fayetteville and just to make sure of
that we pulled the local weather
forecast for Monday September 9th
Fayetteville today getting high at 92
now that is a bit above the average of
86 morning low also running above
average at 74 and also no precipitation
reported I knew it was only a matter of
time before he told us the sky isn't
blue but there's a perfectly simple
explanation for why Trump said his
supporters in North Carolina were
soaking wet when they weren't he thought
he was in Alabama there's a hurricane
there you know there was literally
nothing he won't be asked about I bet
Milani his name isn't even Melania I bet
one day he called her that when she
tried to correct him he's like too late
too late that's your name it may not
have been raining but the president was
soaking up the love last night he even
gave a special shout-out to the ladies
in the crowd by the way I have about
like 10 women in the front row and you
come from North Carolina and they travel
all over the place hold up your hands
he's a great women I see them so much
and I must say they have other things to
do they look Rich's house to me
that's why mother pence won't let Mike
go to the rallies this was good to the
president heap good deal of praise at
the rally on know who else himself he
used all the best words to assure the
crowd that he keeps his word every day
we're making good on the motto promises
made promises cap in fact we are keeping
even more promises by far than we made
or then we promised so many more wait
why I think we need the chalkboard for
this one Guillermo please so the
president said everyday we're making
good on the motto promises made promises
kept fine in fact we're keeping even
more promises by far than we made or
than we promise so many more
he's keeping more promises than even
promised Oh adderall is the best isn't
it it the president had a lot to say
last night so to get a lot of it in we
slowed him down to half speed for
tonight's fun in Fayetteville edition of
drunk Donald Trump now shockingly the
president's approval rating has taken a
tumble according to new ABC Washington
Post poll Trump's approval rating
dropped six points and that was before
we found out he invited the Taliban for
dinner the president approval rating is
now down to 38 percent now watch this
because with just a really a little bit
of effort he could
I see a path for him easily up to 88%
Trump of course lashed out at the polls
he called them fake everything he
doesn't like his fake the only that's
real to him is Twitter and Arby's and as
Trump's ratings keep dropping so does
the number of people who work for him a
day after he said he didn't overrule his
national security advisers on the
subject of that meeting with the Taliban
at Camp David he fired his national
security advisor John Bolton the
president this morning tweeted the
Bolton had been fired but John Bolton
had a different story the president has
just fired his national security adviser
his tweet I informed John Bolton last
night that his services are no longer
needed at the White House and then of
course we heard from the gist fire John
Bolton John Burgess who resigned last
night President Trump said let's talk
about it tomorrow
John both just texted me oh just now
he's watching yeah he said let's be
clear I resigned and I said do you mind
if I say that while you were talking and
he wrote yes
so John Bull has just told me texted me
to said I resigned you said do you mind
he said yes that's as long as he minds
I'm sure it's fine but this is John
Bolton and one of the reasons he was
fired or resigned is because he was
unable to keep his glasses on his
failure so John Bolton is out he's now
the third national security adviser to
leave this administration Trump's not
only down to two candidates now for that
position sergeant slaughter and Captain
Crunch yesterday the president's son a
DJ cheat a Donald Trump jr. unveiled the
Trump family's new line of merch and
well hello handsome
that's Don jr. in a Trump brand
camouflage shirt that's a new product
they have on their website
some people noticed a stain in the food
you see the state a lot of people said
it was here just underwear his chin
would be but that's incorrect the stain
is actually here
right on top of his nemesis
a camouflage shirt covered in grease
stains you have to admit they know their
customers I went through the site and
this is some line I've got going there's
a camouflage keychain because who
doesn't want to make their keys harder
to find they've also got a rustic dog
leash for forty dollars and a rustic dog
collar for another thirty-eight dollars
it seems like a lot for a dog collar at
least but as you can see it fits any
sized dog the best part of this big
merchandise announcement is the Trump
family still isn't making their crap in
America after all the talk about
american-made this and that they still
can't spend the extra two dollars to
have their garbage made here instead of
wherever it's in fact the closest they
got with this new line I went through
the site is this decorated in America
what does that even mean there's enough
decorated in America I think it does
that mean someone in Florida ironed the
patch on I don't know but not only is
the junior boy making some cool camo
gear he's surprisingly getting into the
toy business too
[Music]
so peculiar he'll fight for daddy's uh
Hasbro presents GI moe
DJ TJ doesn't one fight or work but he
comes with cool camouflage clothes and a
vanilla latte with plastic straw he
never served in the military but he
fights for freedom his own way on
Twitter GI Schmo comes with a spray-on
beard a pile of daddy's money and a
helicopter to shoot elephants from Oh
American made in China if you liked that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below
Oh